feat: update workspace with more information on team plan (#272)
open-sauced/docs: docs/features/workspaces.md

3. **Import Repositories**: Paste a list of repositories to add to your workspace.

Once your repositories are added, you'll be able to see them in your repository dashboard. You can also edit your workspace to add or remove repositories anytime.

### Changing Workspaces

Anything you create in a workspace is specific to that workspace. When you switch workspaces, you'll see the repositories and contributors specific to that workspace.

## How to Share a Workspace

You can share your workspace with others by copying the URL and sending it to them. If your workspace is private (a PRO plan feature), only those with access to the workspace will be able to view it.

## Team Workspaces

> Team workspaces are part of the PRO plan and are designed to help teams collaborate on and understand open source projects. Team workspaces are public by default. You can switch it to private in your settings so only members of the team can view the workspace.

Reviewer: I think a slight of wording format change here would be better for clarity.

```suggestion
Team workspaces are part of the PRO plan and are designed to help teams collaborate on and understand open source projects. By default, team workspaces are public. However, you can switch it to private in your settings so only the team members can view it.
```

Author: I think it's better to start with the subject of the sentence. So Workspaces are private by default is preferred in this instance. But I did adjust structure based on your suggestions.

By upgrading to a team workspace, you'll have unlimited contributor and repository insights, as well as the ability to toggle between private and public visibility. 

> You can add someone to your workspace by clicking on the "Edit" button on the top right of the workspace dashboard and then entering the username of the workspace member you would like to add.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add someone to your workspace by clicking on the "Edit" button at the top right of the workspace dashboard, then enter the username of the member you would like to add.
```
